- one boom miss Pat we're live what's up
how are you hey great to see you again
glad to be back man this studio is
better than my house crap i'ma go meet
hermanos we need to move in joe rogan
studio there's not a lot of room from
extra people I know I know I know
I was just fantasizing are you still in
Indianapolis um unfortunately you don't
like it there
hell no i like my fans but I'm blacking
it you know it's snowing snowing we
don't go together and you know I just
don't like it it's the same MO everybody
eat an Applebee's and Golden Corral
I need culture a culture without Chicago
I'm cool I want to go back to Atlanta
Atlanta that's what I want to be I want
to be in Atlanta I love it well yes I
mean the food the beautiful yes I just I
want to walk out my door and smell
Mexican Indian our type of spices our
last meal in my community is duck shit
and tiki torches yeah I need some
culture I need to walk outside and see
how types of people it isn't it weird
how places just never develop a lot of
culture some places just the spots just
never get any more interesting yeah it's
just it's so boring everybody go to
church nobody curse and when I come on
my door and if I'm talking to a neighbor
not used perfectly oh my god I said I'm
not gonna change my language because you
decided to walk your dog today and stop
and talk to me you tried to talk to me
and everybody pick up a dog shit in my
community and it went from whoo hey that
was fertilizer using your name with a
big old pound of dog crap in his hand
I'm like dude no I don't think it works
as fertilizers my dog pisses and shits
on the lawn it just leaves these big old
like yellows in the rains on they just
go into the grass that's true they don't
kill the gray don't kill the grass I did
the piss does the piss seems to kill the
grass well I don't know we didn't have
no grass everybody walked through the
grass
I just couldn't care about ones until I
became a homeowner
yeah homeowners care about lawns
homeowners care about a lot of crap you
have to yeah I have a rental property in
Atlanta if I can get rid of that I would
never ever black people come up with
some of the strangest things why don't
you got a ring like I supposed to care
I tell them Bank of America don't care
that your mama that you do your
grandchild had a seizure
I need my rent money put a spoon in his
mouth I mean I wait Wow I just got be so
glad when I can get rid of these
property you own a place in it yes would
you know but I rent it out I renounce a
nice place but you would live in Atlanta
somewhere else oh yeah I want to go to
peace tree city Kennesaw yeah yeah I
love Atlanta why don't you make your way
down there what's what's holding you in
the appleís a health care Jeff health
care my husband has a really good job
that we pays nothing his knee just went
out his hands on going out and I can't
pay for them types of things what damn
he toys ACL running to the cafeteria at
work oh yeah I've done that I've donut
or both of them you probably would
exercise it yeah I was going to get food
don't watch this episode of Joe Rogan
baby I'm sorry that's a rough one
recover from six months six months
Coppertone in his hands so I was giving
to have Hanson type what is he he builds
the Allison Transmission for Allison Oh
always constantly yeah carpal tunnels a
bitch my mom got that that's a rough one
well I've never had a job well I did
that much repetition you know I sold
drugs and fucking checks
I wasn't everyday thing I had to do so
you have nobody checks you doctor for is
where you get carpal tunnel oh yeah a
lot so what once you burn thirty-two you
don't have any mo to burn you gotta wait
to somebody steal the next book plus I
was really young back in the
yeah damn so that's what's keeping you
in I need a TV show so I can get some
really good health care well your
podcast is launched now it is was it's
called the pat-down the pat-down and I
have my own song - oh thank yes we're
talking about Ari yes but are we getting
in trouble for putting other people's
songs on his podcast and the D monetizes
podcast yeah my nephew um
Riverdale shouted made me my own a
pat-down so nice so yeah somebody made a
song for you that's yeah yeah I was just
trying to do something different he's
only thirty minutes of me talking crap
about what I was going on in my life you
you get my kids in the background
getting cool style
you heard accreditor calling me and uh
my co-host is a little white boy named
Chris who don't know nothing about black
America and then I got my friend who
just he's ready to go March if you if
you need him to so I got I got this
Liberty and he's crazy a Democrat
together and I'm down the middle and say
hey we could all get along and they
hated each other their first how'd you
get them together because they hated
each other
she's did it on purpose yeah my black
friend thought Chris was racist I was
like no i know races he's not racist he
just naive to the fact and so I put
naive you know tell him what I'm trying
to say naive Oh naive naughty but it
sounded like a Damini yes
so it just didn't understand so we get
them together we have these conversation
about race and we did an episode about
abortion and Chris was like he's really
Christian and he's like I was like do
you believe a woman should have a right
to have an abortion he just pit-a-pat it
all around it's Chris just say yes a
fucking no and finally said I don't
believe a woman should have an abortion
I said that's fine but this is my vagina
and I can do what I want to do with if I
want to stick firecrackers in my vagina
and turn it into the 4th of July Joe
Rogan this is my vagina as long as I
don't get no vagina juice on you that
makes sense yeah um Atlanta's got a
problem now with that right isn't that
Georgia just passed a new abortion law
well I don't think it's passed yet but
she just canceled her shows yeah yeah
she's canceled her shows in Atlanta
because I think it passed I think that
was the idea that's why she canceled it
oh thank you fans Joe cuz all the TV
people haven't pulled out yet
oh you think they would if it passed I
think they would money the Atlanta got
them in there because of tax money yeah
and I think they're leaving lose their
jobs I don't think the weather should be
telling us what to do with our bodies I
don't think so either
yeah let me that you know I've been shot
in the teeth at my wanted stuff so
that's like you trying to tell me I
should get my teeth fixed if I don't
want my teeth itch it's my prerogative
I shouldn't have to have my teeny fix
right Joe how do you feel about late
term abortions that's where people get
scared
yeah yeah I don't think you should be
killing on having no abortion you know
six to eight months now and I don't
think you should be recreationally
either cuz I had an abortion wreck
you're just doing it for fun right I
like horses for fun oh I've had a few
friends think about riding the roller
coaster but fuck it I'll get an abortion
I've had a few friends I had quite a few
abortions now I've had one myself I mean
mines in my situation I think
everybody's situation is different my
situation I was I already had my first
baby at 14 my second child at 15 and it
was by a married man well I got pregnant
by this married man again and I just
looked at myself I said Here I am 16
pregnant with my third child I cannot
take care to - I got you know it wasn't
all of this stuff like what they tell
you about birth control and safe sex
that wasn't going on in the 80s you know
people shedding a doze and talking
wouldn't even talk about it well
especially when you were a little kid
you are I'm 14 little kid I was a kid so
when I got pregnant with my third child
I became a massive Payton miner and
divorced my mom and I wouldn't got an
abortion because I knew he wasn't
helping me with the first two that's so
crazy so I told the story on the first
podcast and it's still to this day
sometimes I'll be doing something and
I'll just think about your story in the
school selling drugs as a teenager
pregnant with two kids at by the time
you're 16 now Fairlane crazy in jail I
mean
I've got a school in eighth grade you
know all of this stuff and I just said I
said I don't want my kids they end up
like me so I was like I can't keep
having these babies and after that I got
on birth control and I just prayed I
said oh I don't want no more kids and I
never got pregnant so I got married well
that's good yeah so now I have those two
you know I used to tell a bit about I
got a set of Medicaid kids on the set of
Blue Cross Blue Shield so I waited till
they got older I mean I got older and I
became God I started to learn about life
he taught me a lot okay so I had those
last two it I taught my tunes very very
good move yeah I'm for them that's a
good number
but you know Joe I'm black so my family
smoked crack so they keep giving me the
keys I had my tubes and make room for
the crack baby they keep coming in and
not my house I'm raising four right now
really yeah I have my niece my niece um
I picked up my niece like five years ago
to help her out she had a baby that was
two weeks old and I have this thing like
all kids deserve of solid foundation
because I didn't have one so I picked
this my third set of kids I've raised
and I'm just 47 so I picked my niece up
maybe two weeks old and she got three
other kids I said okay I got this big
house in Indianapolis come with me I got
three four extra bedroom
well this bitch ran off and left me with
him kid now I have a five yeah and a 10
and 11 yo and I've had these kids for
six years and I literally have not seen
my niece in almost four years no phone
call no nothing and you know I'm trying
to build a career so I have a daughter
who my whole my kids who that the house
they had to make a major sacrifice like
my daughter couldn't go off to college
because she don't want to leave my
husband with these four kids so she went
to college in Indianapolis but she said
she went mostly from you know home my
son can go out to college because they
at home helping raise the four kids that
I called my crack babies but they're
cool raising my crack baby because she
gonna leave my husband out 40 crack
babies by they sales so you know we're
is the mother you want to hear some
crazy the bitch blocked me on Facebook
joke
she won't he let me be a friend what
you're taking care of her children yeah
she blocked you on Facebook why'd she
bark you can tell imma kill you bitch I
was ready to live my best life I was
Omega money made my husband go to Hawaii
get naked floating in the water
BAM faux crack babies you can't you
can't you know how much a ticket how are
you calling me oh my god crazy yeah so I
mean it changes changed everything and
then you know my when she left and she
didn't even give me Custer I had to go
and hide his lawyer you can go and get
custody because she just ran out and I
asked the you know the welfare system in
Indianapolis I said can y'all just give
me child care cuz child care was gonna
be like eight hundred dollars a week
because my kids was in high school when
she left and it was like no we can't
give you that but we will give you
Medicaid and $300 ha ha they didn't they
didn't give me shit Jesus Christ so I
just I just made away myself and I said
you know what I've had this baby since
she was two weeks old how do you drop a
baby that you've had since she was two
weeks
oh it's basically your baby now yeah you
can't I can't talk to you yeah that is
so fucking crazy the mother blocked you
oh no where she is
no oh my god no but we did make a secret
account right of a nice fine man like
yourself generally nice fine black man
and we friended her so she accept he's a
friend so she don't know that that's us
and she only sneer podcast so I can tell
so we follow her like that so she's on
the other side of town getting high
never hit me up never talk about the
kids
you know I don't get a dime from nobody
nobody and I don't ask for nothing I
mean I'm just at this point I'm thankful
that I can even take care of these kids
cuz my sister was on drugs and I took
care of her kids my niece was on drugs
now I took care of them for 10 years
with my husband and she's on drugs now
the daughter is all true well my sister
Gavin backing out on my own drugs like
her
Christ so I made sure that these kids
can't go back to that situation now I
call them my bougie crack babies they
won't even eat McDonald's only
chick-fil-a oh we don't eat mac dollars
we chick-fil-a and I was like I remember
when your ass and eat at all baby
[Laughter]
material but it's not easy but um do
they know you call them crack babies no
[Laughter]
mommy damn kids Craig they don't know I
call them crazy only America know that
I'd call them crack babies but y'all
can't call them crack babies oh my god
did they call you mom
oh they do in his catalogue weird so
they just started calling me mom out of
nowhere
don't coming fucking mama Marty and but
now I just let him go that's beautiful
well they go to school and they see all
the you know I live in his white
community say all these kids were mom
and daddy and it's like well why don't
we have it and it just started calling
me Mom and so we're mom and my daughter
who she's just graduated from college
but she they got two moms and in my dad
my husband is not their daddy oh yeah I
love that well thank you thanks that's a
beautiful thing you're doing it really
is even though that the ladies it can't
kids no in the black you mean she's a
bitch yeah those kids got lucky they got
lucky they really do they really took
them on a Disney cruise last year Joe
and oh my god they had the time or they
lives and look at my on a Disney cruise
yeah there's a look at he crack baby
Wadena cruise with matching outfits but
I love them I'm amazing that you're
doing that it really is I mean I know
it's hard but it's amazing that you're
doing that well you know like I said
earlier every every child deserve it Oh
solid foundation start off unfortunately
for me I didn't have that solid
foundation I didn't have nobody to step
in my life and you know snatch me from
my mom but you know whenever I see a
Kajal and need a special family member
I always try to step in because I know I
know when you don't have that solid
foundation where you can end up and some
kids in a you know fucked up even with a
solid foundation yeah but if you can
give them a good start at least give
them a good start and that's all I ever
wanted to do that's beautiful yeah and
Simmons Learning Center is killing me I
put the black crack babies in this white
community can't bury since they were
today whooping my black baby ass you
know Ronnie tutors hell yeah nothing
like whoo happy glam with you Craig
baby's catch up I'll be glad when y'all
get to we gotta get this podcast take
off yes yes yes I don't need a TV show
these days they don't you just need that
podcast to keep going I know and I'm
enjoying it so I don't you're perfect
for it like that's what we were talking
about The Comedy Store last time I saw
you walk like in the morning I was like
you got to you have to you write you
write and I really liked it too I knew
you I was like it doesn't make any sense
that you don't have one yep and I mean
I'm enjoying it 30 minutes then Oh miss
Peggy give me more I'm like excuse me
I'm sitting here with no we don't know
blah he took no bad and Chris might be
smelling me after 35 minutes this is all
you gonna get plus you know he come over
at 4 3 o'clock and then my baby's coming
to do it 4 o'clock so I'm gonna sit down
I'm screaming in Holland I gotta go fix
food and and I got a life I'm married I
can't sit down funny you know this is
fine it's not right
as long as you're consistent that's the
whole thing is like be consistent don't
take weeks off like when people take
like 4 weeks off I we saw people forget
and then they're not interested in your
podcast anymore but if you if you just
consistent and just keep doing it people
get it becomes a part of their routine
and then they tell people you gotta
listen to miss path podcast and next see
know by word of mouth it just spreads
yeah I mean we have so many episodes in
the bank I'm gonna yeah I think we got
probably 20 in it Beneful yeah there
wasn't as good as the ones that I put on
regular but you know when I first
started I was kind of shy no I'm sorry
I'm something you don't look how many
times you have what the fuck did you do
I was gonna shine that's the last word I
would ever use for you I fight but I'm
kind of shot Joe I mean you know cuz I'm
contouring people like what the hook did
you say
uh-huh I did I actually talked about you
on my first one so when I first did your
podcast it was this story out that Joe
Rogan is a badass and he choked out a
mountain lion and I was like I don't
want to go talk to no white man and
fucking mountain lion that's a made-up
story I know but I didn't know at first
and I was so scared Joe that was a
mountain lion killer like I was out
there choking line I'm used to black
people doing drive-bys are used to white
people just choking out a mountain line
so I'm trying to figure out how to fuck
he get up on the mountain line and he
[Laughter]
had a wife and sneak up on a mountain
lion from behind and choke the shit out
of him he gotta be strong as fuck
so I kept digging and I realized the
store was Arase
huh I don't know why due to choke you
know I see you a big old wait is it that
big old horse yeah well I know he killed
that fucking map block it took a while
for me is realized they talk about -
about a month before I realized the
store was my whole sister didn't think
my own sister thought it was real really
she texted me she goes you really choked
out a mountain fuck is wrong with you
you badass I mean only you can sneak up
on a mountain lion choke the shit I
don't think so well I run with a knife
when I run I carry a knife with me just
in case because there's mountain lions
in my community really yeah yeah they've
seen him yeah and I run with my dog and
the mountain lion tries to jack me and
my dog I want to have something on me so
you you if he jack you know you're gonna
stab him fuck yeah
you know I was just telling the story
about my you know I'm from the south
right so back in the day and don't get
offended people but you know dog
fighting is big in the south so we
didn't fight like no dangerous shit we
just put some nanoliters on the ground
who have a dog getting the best they win
in LA well my dog was named pup pup now
or later you like candy now and laters
the candy candy so you know have the
dogs fight over candy yeah me my dog use
a split the cane
forget some kid if it wins black dogs
used to eat anything back there collard
green pig feet whatever black black
people in my dog food so we will me my
dog will fight a lot but if you got the
best of my dog I would jump in and whoop
your dog gasps my old German Shepherd
then I'll be calling every time I'm
abusive to dial because I don't own no
fucking dogs I got faux crack babies and
I don't have a downer but this was back
in the day and I was a little girl but
that's what we used to do it is a big
thing in the South period I knew a guy
who had 30 pit bulls in his backyard he
had these boxes like that he the dogs
live in these little dog houses and they
were chained to a post and they were in
his yard and I didn't see it my friend
was telling me about it I knew the guy
yeah he lived down I lived in Kentucky
yeah we lived in Kentucky and they
fought dogs well we only did with just
kids we whoever dog get the best of love
a dog that's winning now right so if I
thought pop but what about the guilt go
down on his back I would jump in and put
your dog in a chokehold cuz I like
wrestling I will fish yeah I'll pick and
fold the shit out of your dog I was not
losing him now later Joe we didn't eat a
lot I can lose my only meal that day
your only meals now some day it may pop
up what sit on the sidewalk we whooped
his head he will pop up and we'll split
the now later wow there's a lot of
people right now listen like is this
lady for real and I can assure them that
you are I'm for real yeah I've had a
crazy fucking life you know I mean
there's so many people that are
insulated from the kind of life that
you've had they don't know anybody like
you
you know so I'm realizing that Chris my
producer I scared of shit on him he's
like well you're yelling at me I'm like
Chris I'm not yelling your knowing a
black woman yellow she's gonna twist in
honey
they're taking off her wig and unbuckle
it hot bra I'm yelling I'm just talking
my voice I have a deep voice and this it
carries you know what's crazy because
like I say he's a little white kid from
Indianapolis and so I'm talking to on
the podcast and I'm teaching them about
black pussy incense you ever heard of
that black pussy incense yeah you know
that you burn a black people use a burn
in the house
I know about incense but like pussy you
slow me down it wasn't real so we put
out the podcast it was like my mama say
black pussy is it was the best scent out
there Joe what did you smell like I like
incense yeah that was the name of an I
told ya I told him about him he's like
what are you talking about I'm telling
you black pussy is it everybody listen
to our killer it burnt black pussy
incense on a Saturday morning clean a
house everybody listen to our Kelly and
burn black so every weekend every week
I'm teaching him something that he has
never heard of what do you think about
all this art hell shut I think you did
it Joe I mean people just looked away
you know it's I tell a bit on stage
cause it's something about a big dick
man
big black man they can't read they puts
it down my first kid can read everyone
ain't got no side teeth and they can't
read they got the best sex cuz they
practice out of time black males who
can't read who don't have sex like black
man's who got a 9 to 5 who can't read
the sex is totally different because
they're not tired because they practice
how they do it practice on women but you
got my husband gotta go to work Joey got
time to be flipping me over Stephanie
cross him well you got a brother that
can't read and don't work the best six
now you know go to work but you gonna
watch The Young and the Restless and
Housewives of Atlanta
well you know when he get back that
nigga's laying on that pillow for you I
know Whitney used to wade through
we Telenet the dick mother footing down
you know you had to work even harder
because yet more money than him right
yeah that's true so I had a meme they
put up on the Instagram the other day of
how every dude whose girlfriend is
paying for everything stands and it's
like a guy standing with his arm deep
around the girl like deep around holding
on there waiting in line for things baby
in public hallways baby holding a hand
you can't get my husband to hold my hand
you know why can you pay the mortgage
[Laughter]
home yes I say I love you say thank you
I'm in the baby I was gonna follow my
dream one day my so I said listen to my
husband my husband funny as fuck so I
said hey I said up baby
you want some pussy he said not at all
[Laughter]
hey I want you to fuck me on the 14
because I think I'm ovulating I need to
get some stuff out my chance
he said not at all Joe we bought a Sleep
Number bed
and he was like cuz his knee was missing
body Sleep Number bed I'm gonna put it
on everything I'm like fuck yeah so I
just got a deal with Fox for my TV show
so I walk in now I walk in the damn mom
sleep now my like a real negro when they
get some money give me the best fucking
bad you won't cuz I'm gonna fuck every
night thirty thousand I'll sleep number
bed but I shouldn't know he was gonna do
shit cuz he was insistent on getting a
metric that split down the middle you
know the two matches separate let's just
split down the middle and help the hair
time I wanna say hey you wanna come to
American gets Bush here I fuck with your
own air mattress to solve for L Oh
and in that we don't gave up we just
fucking the middle and by the time we
get met through the fucking matches and
fell off the because we're in the middle
with a whole lap and every time just
remote my wig I give my TV show owned by
me a magic put those back the fucking
gay yeah I didn't like that Sleep Number
bed I tried that thing I was too
confusing I didn't like it oh he loves
Joe every time I come home he got his
feet in air like he had a gynecologists
visit one of those I'm like this measure
is only good for heating your balls oh
we could've got you a blow dryer you
your balls up they sell mattresses now
that cool you mark Sisson was yeah yeah
I'm gonna get one yeah awesome yeah
system was just telling me about that
I'm going through menopause I might need
to get that through I'm being heating up
Joe there he
oh mighty I'm like I'm having a hot
flash man I don't want to drop my
titties on your table
but boy see in here I don't feel it Joey
you can't turn AC AC can't stop no hot
flash she's like five minutes I'm
heating up now but yeah anyway yeah it
goes away what does that cause bar I
don't know you gotta ask Mary I don't
know what mary did in the beginning it
was Mary with Jesus
yeah no Mary with Jesus one of Jesus's
mama on the Bible what do you mean
Mary Mary oh but who do you mean when
you're saying Mary go Mary no I'm sorry
to my Eve who started here yeah I'm
sorry I get that who Debbie's here she
fucked everything up yeah that talking
snake you had that talk is neat I mean
them cramps ain't no joke and now
because this bitch bitter ever you give
me an opportunity buy the Apple I won't
bite that I would take the hot flashes
away I'll be on the plane mighty to heat
up and wipe me next time you know
understand why I got my TV in my lap fan
yourself off yes yes comes and goes well
it like last five minutes and then I'm
gonna go back to mom and like I'm
cooling down now so I got I don't know
where you just get hot yeah and it hits
you in different places
like my food between my teeth is on my
neck
some people's is up on their arms you
know it's a spot like once my hitting
right here my titties my titties heat up
like if you talk about 95 degree don't
touch them cuz you mayor but I'm just
saying all your fingers there goes more
than two-thirds of North American women
who are headed into menopause have hot
flashes they also affect women who start
menopause after chemotherapy or surgery
to move their ovaries oh I didn't say
anything on why it's North American
that's what I was wondering
it says what is a hot flash it's a
sudden feeling of heat sometimes a red
flush face and sweating we don't know
exactly what causes them but they may be
related to changes in circulation I
guarantee if they happen to men they'd
know exactly what caused them oh they'll
fix that shit they figured out oh yeah
they'll fix that job if they can fix the
soft penis yeah yeah they'll fix the man
dick but if we can't do them with our
body it's not fixing soft dicks and
everything else will be solved no I
don't think that would work very fix
that so they can't say stop fixing soft
unlearn they'd have to unlearn viagra
look just let the man dick do what it do
when it died let it die meanness that's
at the point where the lady needs notes
you need to put some cocoa butter up on
the hip it slide across it back when
it's always oval right yeah I guess yeah
yeah people like think that they would
be happy when it's over like good
finally women will happen when they
peers don't come on them why can't men
be happy when a penis don't work cuz for
men like your dick not working as a sign
of you know you know we anymore yeah
yeah for sure mmm yeah you feel like
you're not a man anymore
oh really yeah so I don't feel like I'm
not a woman I'm oh my p.m. Scott we'd be
happy yeah but it's different if you
pussies dried up and became useless like
sealed up like nothing you know like
maybe you meet a man maybe you and your
husband get divorced you met a man he's
beautiful
can't read so he's got good dick and you
gonna put it in a flakes just a mess
down there
oh yeah you know I'm black
grow real thick so it's always a mess
down yeah I call it nappy grip I got a
Jackson five afro I mean for some women
it matters but I guess cuz I started
really early
I don't know dig I want healthcare no
you ain't gotta do that to me just
figure out a trail I put four men though
it's like a sign of weakness yeah it's a
weakness though yeah yeah you don't feel
like a man anymore
what if you love that person I think you
ready are you willing to to deal with
the softness hmm yeah especially if you
don't want any dirt yeah what if you
want dick ice cream sticks around it
Oh like a brace put someone a broken leg
fuck you you break your leg in the
forest and they have to fucking strap it
to some twigs what else that day was
doing before I ever came along I don't
know what they were doing this reason
they would do out that's what that's why
they kill rhinos you know rhino horn
they think rhino horn gets your dick
hard
really it doesn't do shit do you eat it
yeah yeah I guess they make a tea out of
it
oh really doesn't even work but guys
have been taking rhino horn forever to
try to get their dick hard and so much
so that it now that it's forbidden and
it's expensive because it's forbidden
it's like a sign of luxury like you're
drinking rhino horn tea it's a big thing
in apparently some Asian countries like
with like guilty people didn't we have
decent Asian they don't I mean I heard
them small you're well I have a
girlfriend six Asian babies right but
you don't have any scratch Mars well and
I was into babies you know most women
get stretch marks right but I don't
think that has to do with dick but I'm
saying agent means make small babies so
hmm I'm just assuming what would happen
it's like I don't know what the fuck I'm
talking basketball player was the the
the giant dude yeah yeah man
yeah what about that guy oh if he has a
normal size he too tall he ain't got no
dick he's two times I guarantee you he
pissed
Thomas Paine's so it's a way a man
brought James is tall too he got a lot
of dick I saw that dick on TV that day I
bet oh my god when he went to go scratch
I was like I'm not into young dick like
that but that was nice and I said my
husband got a nice Nicki Minaj is
ex-boyfriend Safari
yeah he broke the internet with it he
broke didn't that was oh my god a curve
any Joe fucking lick you can act a
cappella for weight in his fucking
weight room in here oh it was so big it
couldn't fit on the iPhone it was only
iPad action I was sending it to
everybody bitch look you live today you
black oh my god and he made a little
five-minute video that thing was
swinging like the American flag on top
of a building
Wow it was nice oh my stomach done once
I finished losing weight don't do it
don't cry well my titties lifted you
don't know my team's joke getting put
under is what I worry about
well shit I mean I want my titty lifts I
understand it's hard when you got big
titties and they all in your lap and
shit when your bro come off do you want
your wife to walk out the shower her
teeth look like they've been in a dry
bout I feel you I understand what you
said yeah so I want my titties lift that
woman oh I want to stomach done I'm one
you stay alive mrs. Palin almost day a
lot I love you too I'm gonna give me a
rejuvenation to do it don't get it
tightened up I thought you said any more
do panty liners liked apples oh my god
but will rejuvenation fixer I don't know
but I got a leak that a poem became feet
[Laughter]
what's happening just coffee
oh he's my fries I could sit on myself
that's all right I don't know I don't
want no chemica dancing them
no one knows and I'm okay with my black
nose hmm beautiful thank you all my
teeth pullback I would like that Joe I
would like to get my stomach done so I
can see my pajamas
a long time we've been disconnected for
a long time have you ever gone on a diet
yeah
didn't like it weight loss tonight Japan
and it just stopped so I caught a dot
Ben's like it stopped he was like ah you
gotta go to the gym I'm like no I was
just dieting no I had weight-loss
surgery two years ago that was real
juicy I was almost 400 pair so you had
the stomach stapled thing no I
yeah my stomach could yeah yeah it was
it was it was easy as hell really yeah I
was almost ready at 4:00 wow it looks
like so you lost 100 pounds and then
they told you go to the gym you like
fuck you
well I'm just so busy there's no fucking
excuse I mean watch out of the trainer
ah that could be another podcast you
complaining at the gym that shit would
be hilarious yeah I would be complaining
that would be hilarious or something
crazy Mikey's a fake cuz you live the
parents is fat the key is a fat my son
was four hundred and ten pounds Joe and
I live in this white neighborhood and
they couldn't get no pussy and he nearly
went on a diet Joe when I tell you this
boy's 220 pounds and every night when we
go to bed he going to Patrick throw away
the junk and I said you got one more
time throw away my motherfuckin food you
thought y'all can eat that he read
everything he just go to the gym he was
fat as fuck that's amenities his titties
gone his stomach flat every day what
does he do what kind of exercise I don't
know I can call him his name junebug
junebug
yeah not his real night he that's his
nickname yeah nickname so he's just a
gym addict he's a fucking gym it he's
beautiful
he told he's like I'm gonna make this
whole family lose weight I said not
today bitch and mama at the gym Oh God
funny a video of you at the gym would be
just you complaining and talking shit
while someone gets you to work out
goddamn hilarious Jumma we're gonna do a
podcast but he gonna try to kill me Joe
but if you just listen to him and did it
and did a video I guarantee you that
would get us
shitload of views okay well me and
junebug do my week you gonna help my
actually I'm getting ready to move to LA
for the pilot of my show you move here
I'm gonna move here for a little bit for
how long
well we gonna shoot the pilot so if the
poly get picked up at Hulu so I'd be
here doing the shoot and then I'm gonna
go back home I can't take all these nice
titties run around
whoo i'ma bring junebug out with me
bring to start free to start filming
videos you ought to seems like it big
titties like mine's they're gone
beautiful I love it you have stories
like that oh now he just did it I know
it well he couldn't get laid well
that'll be a motivator yeah now eczema
says son because he told me said mama
cuz I mean I'm doing a little bit now I
probably lost like 15 pounds since I've
been dealing with Julie he said mama
when you lose weight when you started to
lose weight he just takes me when he
said do you come on your period what do
you mean I'm your fucking mom because
when I help you lose weight your period
come come back I said why I fuck your
period is not who comes on a doctor I
don't know he just read out Joe I lost
like 12 pounds in my period came as a
bit like a break he was like I know mama
you stopped up from all the fuck you do
to me my paradigm is like mama the more
I work with the mo you gonna flow so I'm
you know he's right that's what's crazy
yeah I just reads a lot about fitness
and health piece I'm telling you joke
how old is he he's 19 and what is he
doing he works he works the enterprise
he he should get together with you a
fuck enterprise just you two together
working out making YouTube videos so
it'll be huge yeah especially if I can
get out of like him he's like mom I'm
gonna get you in shape and my daughter
is on the plus size too he's like I'm
whipping all y'all asses shake all
because he just
he just popped up say I'm sick of being
fat that's awesome
he said he was sick of being fed my baby
if you called my Instagram he's only
he's even he's 220 now I'm like Jimbo
stop he's like no wow I mean he got a
cheese Joe stomach flat he looks good
and I asked him I said son did you did
get bigger cuz I remember being really
small he's better mommy's been your fat
your dick it's more hell yeah your navel
become your dick when you real fat Joe
you should do that look I talked you
into doing a podcast I'm gonna talk you
into doing this you have to ok Jumba I
know you're gonna see this meeting bug
please you and your mom at the gym it'll
be gigantic I'll help you I'll promote
it I'll put it up on Twitter and
Instagram please do this so he gonna
kill me you know I gotta go in there to
do piano wait if he gets you in crazy
shape imagine if you get to like bikini
shape seriously I mean like this is it
they're great I need a bikini shape I'm
telling you if he does that Joe you
don't know how happy I would be if I
couldn't look straight down and see shit
a lot of times the food that you crave
is the food that you eat so if you eat
food that's not healthy for it that's
what you're craving all the time your
stomach gets used to it that what they
call your gut biome your stomach
bacteria wants sugar bread and pasta as
soon as you start eating healthy food
your body starts craving healthy food
your body start craving salads and lean
meat and chicken that's nice he started
we don't drink water but I do now he
makes me drink well he literally called
me mama cuz I could do 1 liter a day I'm
up to one liter that's them don't cut
what do you drink besides more I drink
coffee in the morning then after that no
more coffee I have to have one
coffee's fine yeah I do put sugar and
cream in I got folk Craig baby I need
someone call my niece then so I told my
son I can't give up my coffee right now
so I drink coffee only in the morning
and then I drink what our debt I work on
a little water and he literally go
through the house and tell us what we
can and can't eat which is I he want to
punch him in the face but I am losing a
few pounds with him like you know I got
these I got the back wing arms like
grandmama and he was like my mama get
all of that off for you
cuz he was he had fed arms to him big
titties I mean he lost all of it then
I'm so good you could do it too yeah cuz
I was told my said look you've 19 the
only insurance to 26 they would give you
weight-loss surgery and he's like I
don't then I said son go get the weight
loss surgeon I get your teeth is taking
off and your stomach too he's like mommy
I don't sound like no manly thing cuz I
was Tommy toe and his titties cut off
and I'm gonna get him weight-loss
surgery my fat daughter she fat nice I'm
gonna get your tummy to my mama get your
stomach cut any number by you and ass
cuz she have no ass so and then I told
my husband he don't have no ass I was
gonna buy him my ass you know people
getting cancer from that asses yeah not
when they take the fat from you know not
only take the fat they get me a lot of
fat they're getting cancer from the
implants what titties ass implants Ohio
do you know a big you do you there's no
issue but some people who get ass
implants they're starting to get cancer
all those ass implants are only a few
years old you know what I don't
understand I'm from the interstate of a
little we was coming up Joe if you
wanted titties and ass it had this thing
going around and I did a podcast on I
said we didn't people black people II
know a plastic surgeon world so the deal
was you take that government butter and
you rub it on your titties on your ass
and they said it'll make it grow yeah
I'm not allowed to you that's what we
used to do back in the day watch up look
at me
yeah but look look at me don't think
it's from the butter Oh everybody I know
robot only
[Laughter]
you don't know that government but
unless it was never gonna hot water job
they said to the ghetto to kill
everybody Joe I gotta say these doors on
one side moving the tub and with my name
was like just put the butter on your
titty and your ass we put the ball on my
mama because she said no you bitches
they got my boat on y'all
you know that shit gotta last me 28 mo
day she took that stingy card and she
here doesn't that motherfucker stuck in
that bar she gave us wonder would she
say straight my shit off you bitches
we're not scraping her border all off
well she put that shit back in the
frigerator she beat this shit oh my god
she scraped the butter off your tits and
put it back in the fridge Paul we can't
waste on it goodbye Joe oh my god that
is hilarious I was playing it all but it
magic butter really did that all you had
to do to get big tits in a big ass just
butter hey I'm happy this is the fourth
grade so that's what I'm I didn't like
it like that you just have good genetics
no job I momma Dee have no titties yeah
but sometimes it doesn't get your mom
but it goes to you Joe I'm trying to
tell the government but don't do that
education is shit Joe don't break it all
the way down for the lady let him try to
butter before they try to pause it okay
so go out and get you some good old
government butter that won't melt and
just sit on it like a fucking bird
trying to hit you ain't just sit alright
yeah they just have a seat all right and
hopefully it'll make your booties and
titties girl it did work the message
that works there's a lot of questions on
Yahoo people asking that does that make
your butt bigger and then I found a
product on Amazon called cream for
smoother fuller and firmer skin I don't
know if that's what I hate natural butt
enhancement cream for women and men
plump booty enhancer lotion but firming
and tightening cream sexy but was it
ones so a sexy butt lifter cream but
larger this is horseshit
most likely it's got four stars bunch of
people that are assholes that work for
the company they're reviewing it 364
customer reviews hold on click this one
or a bad one the good ones
adding to my flat booty my family and my
family I inherited flat butt syndrome
it's embarrassing it's embarrassing have
your butt hurt because you have no
padding when you sit and have no pants
fall have your pants fall because
there's nothing in the back to hold them
up after week I def notice something
extra in the back I'll keep using that's
the people that you want to buy your
butt cream because they're morons that's
like people that give money to preachers
that fly on private jets yeah I think
that's crazy that don't work but I'm
telling government bought a work Joe I'm
telling you I flew this who would have
known it works faster on your breasted
on your butt but it's work more this is
not real God but listen these fucking
the people that are writing these
reviews not only does it works that's it
works not only does it works it
increased my breast size they probably
should change the name to breasts and
butt enhancement butter I know it for
the butt I know it for the butt so I
figured let me see will it do anything
for my breasts since it's in quotes all
natural so I did so with within a week
my breast was fuller last time I seen
them this size was right before it was
time to breastfeed my baby is now nine
years old so imagine what we was doing
in the ghetto
I'm telling you that thick as mother I
mean it does work it watch how many
people who knows what I'm talking about
from
say Joe we did that and it worked I saw
my Groot it is a mutt
we should've done arm one titty didn't
it what just to see no Joe I wanted to
be I know but there's only one way to
find out if it actually works
one cheek one tit you bounce it out left
cheek right - well I'm gonna find that
but but it rubbing on my crack baby one
of her titties and see if they grow on
there just don't even tell him what
you're doing just put it on one titty i
okay I'm not to get her to do it I don't
think I feel appropriate hole does she
know she's not yes too late
no no she's uh there for you can do it
you have a father you are contested on
what she already got a big-ass booty oh
yeah but I'm gonna get somebody to save
your work my husband will kill me I
don't know if it's true but I don't
think it is it doesn't make sense but
then again I'm not a scientist
I'm telling you it's like that peanut
butter they used to Center to get Oh to
choke Negroes out the government used to
give black people peanut butter choke
him out cuz I didn't want to choke him
out I think a peanut butter you had to
eat in the might you want him like when
you eat it on a stone like you better
cook us drama egg before this thin out
so you spread it on the sandwich really
yeah did they find out later on they
were gonna kill us
it was like a it was thickest fuck it
came in a canyon the government beating
about a googly it was some dude on
instagram who was in school some kid in
school and they were there they you know
they feed him cheese sandwiches for
lunch and he was lighting the cheese
sandwich she was like look at this
cheese look at the shit and he's
lighting he's got a lighter too and it
would not melt it was just turning black
he was just getting black beyond the
smoke from the lighter it was not
melting
it wasn't a fuck kind of cheeses this
yeah it wasn't real cheese there's this
parts of America that the government
ignores
right yeah me yeah you got through I got
through you made it through the net yeah
but then they only come to you in it
when they need your vote they only come
to the like black pastors they like
black pastors you know that's why I
don't go to church
I tell him all the time I taught at
Church's Chicken you get more for your
money leader Popeyes alone twos and go
to churches yeah but did they have the
spicy yeah yeah mmm
yeah that's the thing I'm not I'm not
even no pastor my money good for you and
ride not there I mean if they the Bob is
free then every hotel just to buy the
hotel like everybody else used to I'm
not gonna get you my money then you I
hear buying jets and shit and I'm
struggling Thank You fucking the holes
in church Trini sharing the holes in
church no mom they're fucking I wasn't
sure oh yeah they'd be so fuck you I
don't know I don't go to church what no
under well the pastor no oh fuck the
first lady they don't care about the
first night knows where no underwear in
church to lure the pastor yeah really
you ain't much the pastor's is sexiest
fuck remember back in the day well you
might not remember cuz you white but
back in the day
negative data pastor will okay oh the
pounds will ugly like TD jakes they was
unfuckable but now they all sexy Oh Nene
all sexy me everybody won't fuck the
penalty no that's what they said they
made when they made Catholic cheated
preachers become celibate one of the
reasons why the man become celibate cuz
the Catholic preachers were banging all
the ladies they really yeah they were
like rock stars because they were the
ones who had the Word of God and this is
before anyone could read the Bible
because it was all in Latin so they did
not read Latin
so they relied on these priests to read
it look at Joel Osteen yes he's fuckable
oh yeah I would imagine okay yeah do you
think he got something
I give him song this and not in Jesus my
needle sexy
Joel Osteen shit only do white me I
would do Joel Osteen
hmm in the pulpit do you think he got
some he got a wife Hey
[Laughter]
no talk fucking with me my co-host E
yeah you paid a bill look at him look at
him he cute and he ain't aged at all
look at that forehead I have he's sexy
he ball game yes 50 I bet he does have a
six-pack right yeah yeah hey
any problems on his wife in the upper
right hand corner go back 56 it was good
for 56 for white male is that his wife
she's hot
yeah she hasn't called what's the say
it's his wife Kapow yeah he could take
that Joel Joe is good look he's got a
guardian Marina
yeah our church is got a date they are
the new drug though they're the new
pimps women pimps have holes and they go
on a cone and snapped a hose and get
their money yeah what church like that
now that's all it is he does it in Vegas
at the same arena where the UFC plays I
thought he was in Dallas he goes all
over the place he goes on the road
sometimes
oh yeah he's in Houston or Dallas
somewhere in Texas Houston so he does
that but he also does like giant arenas
on the road like he does he does the
t-mobile center with a UFC place look at
that yes that place now you can keep
there how many of those pictures in the
audience have no underwear on probably
60% charging for meals I know jack oh my
god you know that they were banged up I
smelled a fart roll of elation emulation
yes they trust hey that's how you have a
baby bat man like Joe Ocean you paid
John spoke old time you know I'm a
genetic
that wants that much money right you
want that much money you want private
jets you want big
you gotta want some extra pussy hell
yeah yeah he gonna get tired of banging
the same plastic face white won't she
look good yeah yeah your turn but he
won't someone like me what the T did
they move on the inside move on the
inside yeah you know I got real TT so
much it go all over the place
oh and her sir yeah they just firmly
just one position
oops great that's weird that people like
that they like them hard
alright I got them tees you gotta pick
up and dust off no does cuz everything
is all in my bra Oh like how gross you
out
yeah I'm telling you sometimes just the
other podcast we've done with I'd stop
in the middle of dangle fuck yes some of
the shit well mostly about the tragedies
mostly about your childhood it's funny
now Joe it's just that I took uh you
know I say on stage I said on uh when
you when you can laugh at what you've
been through then you got control of it
it's only reason why I can laugh about
being shot and I even my husband hate
this bit I do I do a bit about my first
kid's father you know giving me crabs
gonorrhea fleas no toy fuckin fleas I
mean people get crabs I get it but when
someone gives you fleas like what the
fuck but back in those days the health
department would come and pick you up
and say hey you pussy on five we need to
put it out you don't gave somebody else
crap gonna release a report everybody he
was missing with and I was always on
that list oh Jesus sometimes what how
can you tell people I think it's funny
that they used to come get me and me and
the health department man had a
relationship not we want sleeping
together here's a hey puss it was on
this again
how can you tell people Aries when I was
young you know it was suppose she gonna
read your shouting yeah and I remember
that they came one time Joe and they
knocked oh they're doing it I said oh my
god you here I thought you don't let me
burn up he's like you puts on this I'm
here to put it out so my not what he
would say would he pussies on the list
it's pretty much he would call it your
pussy you pussy be reported oh my kid's
father was there I was like let's go
together and get Curie's oh I don't want
to go somebody might see me so this is
what he told me say look it was gonna
ring when you have gone already to get a
shot or you take pills for seven days so
he said look going to the health
department but don't get this shot
getting the pills so we can split them
so I'm so stupid I come back and split
to sell them they pills women we still
both gotten all the way so my god like
watching why you tell people he's
shitting everybody I always think he
gave me gonorrhea and shot me and beat
me like can you please daddy people I
didn't do this shit to you how does he
deal with you having this act like when
you go on stage and talk about all this
shit how does he handle it does he cover
his ears he never he only seen me once
wait what he won't come see me Joe come
on
he wouldn't he came to see me we can't
William accent when I was opening up for
can tweens and but that's the only time
but he he's got to know oh you know
funny as fuck like how does he not want
to see that you don't want to see a job
well come and come to the Comedy Store
tonight he's gonna be there for the
10:30 show yeah you don't watch your
fucking podcast and tell my daughter oh
she was so fucking fun but he's not
gonna directly to say to me he was so
fucking funny he's my biggest
cheerleader I mean I mean you know I've
been doing this 17 years you know how
many time the head it makes that man
credit card out there go and do it
so you know but he would not come see me
is like look I live with you I hear this
she every day but he gives me like he's
funny to me like I told you saying not
today
yeah not at all he say some of the
funniest sheep but he you know I can't
believe he's only seen you do comedy
once the one time I was 17 that's a good
one though open for Katt Williams are
you still in touch with God no but I
love cat can't nobody tell me shit about
can't we my daddy Batman well my daddy
died and I was I just got the job with
Katt Williams he walked in now he's like
what are you doing I said my daddy died
like two days before he called me on the
tour and I said we trying I'm just
trying to get these money together
raisin can't we didn't go to the bank
come out with a stack of money he gave
me like four grand to bury my dad and I
was like you don't have to do this and I
was like I work for he's like look no go
bury a daddy cuz before he did that how
about to put my fucking dad in a potato
sack and stick him in the ground cuz we
have no money and I try to do fish fried
and black community in a white
neighborhood they don't know about no
fucking fish fry oh no Tuesday and Kent
wouldn't gave me the money to bury him
that's hard yes okay nobody tell me shit
about can't we he's crazy but he's funny
as fuck he's he's one of my favorites
off time and he tell the fucking truth
too if you go to but go back like the
pimp Chronicles prime that is those are
some of the best specials ever yes he's
a funny motherfucker and he's so
original so original like that is him
you know I mean like his delivery his
style everything I love him can't nobody
tell me shit about we can't William I
was able to finish my basement after
that tour he uh he gave me some not gave
me but he gave some great advice once
about comedy one of the things he says
don't eat before you go onstage and I
was like yeah why would you you don't
eat before you fight why'd you eat
before you go onstage
was it causes your body that your body
when you eat has to break down that food
so it's using up energy like some of the
energy that you would have to do
stand-up is now breaking down that food
in your body that's why I'll be about to
fall asleep on stage yes yes shit I got
to stop eating just don't eat right
before you go on stage just eat
afterwards okay
yeah I mean I listen to him and I was
like that makes so much sense and also
he has a playlist of music that he plays
right before he goes on stage like sets
it up like he's like puts him in the
mood to go on stage yeah I do that too I
do I do that too I like a lot of I want
to say Outkast
but that ain't what I'm going for who
the fucking rap is Carly B oh that
little nasty thing that's what I would
be if I had a body like that oh my god
that girl got a tongue that a dragged a
flow see my is you that person in my
head and I want to be I listen to a lot
of Kali B I like her well maybe you can
get that body maybe so maybe junebug
okay you in that gym get on that
elliptical machine come on
Doombot we're gonna need you to help
your mom and stop your mom from peeing
on a cell just just change up the diet
I'm working I swear to make sure you
seen your son I'm gonna look like you if
I'm lying
but if you if you did that I'm telling
you if you did a video with your son and
your son getting you to the gym and did
that regularly on YouTube
junebug and Miss Pat just do that that
shit would be hilarious it was so funny
cuz I I cause you know I cause like he
is out well especially when they're
making you do shit you don't want to do
yeah I'm working out like doing sit-ups
and shit and squats no spread my legs
today never been used at way since the
eighties my butthole exactly yeah
Jim what we doing it do it do it
definitely do it so you show you that do
you bring like I bring like one of those
um mp3 no Bluetooth speaker things with
me you know I have like one of those JPL
extremes I bring that with me and I put
it in the green room play music I'm not
usually listening music oh my you to
mind before perform yeah no I listen to
music oh yeah yeah but you get yourself
in a mood do you have a drink before you
go onstage I don't drink alcohol at all
no nothing
what about weed I won't do it
we know nothing I grew up in I think I
just don't I mean I hate it
alcohol does nothing for me it makes me
sleepy and um my mom was an alcoholic
and ice always say I'm gonna be nothing
like this bitch mission accomplished
yeah I don't I don't do it my whole
family drink and I just don't do it no I
don't I don't smoke weed I don't you
know I was just telling them earlier
like junebug tried to smoke weed one
time and it with his white friends but
they were so stupid yo they didn't know
how to roll the wheel so they got that
they got the UH
to copy your paper off the machine and
roll the reading there yeah and Tommy
leading it just burned and all the wheat
fell in his chest and I beat the dog
shit out of junebug
and I told tree for you to create an
appetite you already fucking fat oh my
god and I just told my kids when he was
young guys say look I told my son I kill
I said look I get food stamps and I
don't get enough food stand for your
weed habit so we're not gonna do drugs
we're not gonna join gangs we're not
gonna do drugs it's awesome motherfucker
so we're not gonna do it so but junebug
is the only kid I have a head that
really tried to dab into weed that's a
weird way to do it though copy paper
what it's terrible for you they will go
to the ghetto and by the we out of it I
don't where I live it they will go over
to the ghetto Jim look how much how much
wheat you buy 1.5 grams what the hell is
that I don't know and I called the
police on what do you I did I called the
police on the shake him up right and I
you know how the police huh yeah but I
say hey we blacks only your guns in the
car so come over here and shake my son
on it Napoli's get over there the police
and junebug son go to school together
this motherfucker come on and start
crying we love you Jimbo I thought he'd
call you what a fucking crap I was
crying so that didn't help
but eventually I think he don't stop
smoking now he's gonna stop or start I
think he stopped
I just ran off all his friends I told it
I said look you up your white son just
lost his only black friend I'm gonna
fuck your white baby up running back
over here with the weed
[Music]
do more like everybody at my school say
you ask you just a fucker my whip them
white boys ass cuz I call I called I
caught all the pears I said they'll be
smoking weed and looking at some little
white girl pussy on the farm I said juma
you bless you mama started but his white
pussy floating Oni phones oh like a girl
from the school yeah you made trouble
for the earth so I put put up a
chromecast the picture you put on the TV
look keep the bitches away from Julian
both Joe and Tim crazy look dick it's
real real small trying to kill my baby
trying to get my baby locked up in white
pussy do it you don't fuck with white
pussy I'm the bigger you got enough
sense oh my god so so you had the
parents come over and you see what the
fuck did they say I can't believe you
did this
what the fuck you mean it was on a phone
yes not looking at it they wouldn't
speak to me no no no need no friends oh
my god I said don't you ever in your
life violate no good she gave to one of
the football play he just passed it
around a verse yeah and I saw and I said
junebug think about it it was just so so
Gary honor he's like mom get run and get
naked and ad cuz nobody see nothing yeah
[Laughter]
this is the stuff I went through he's
the only one that ever really try me cuz
my other kids you know I tell like I
tell my Craig baby I say look I'm gonna
take you out in public but you got an
option do you want the ghetto mom or do
you want the soccer mom and they don't
like to get her mom cuz ghetto mama
would knock the shit out of them in
public and I give them my option and we
get in public and why people always come
to me like oh my god your kids are so
well disciplined I said I told him I was
gonna fuck them up what I think you
should fuck your kids up to
I said oh I will fuck you up
don't play with me I feed you when we
was coming back from the Disney Cruise
they was all playing with those little
things that separate you know when
you're in line so I told him like three
full time stop isn't my grandbaby it was
the full Craig baby so they wouldn't
stop Joe I slept all on at the same time
what the fuck I said what you lookin at
me for you won't saw him to ask him to
stop my full-time don't play with me you
know Meniere's bad I've been shot a
couple of time y'all my fuckin know I'm
crazy and I just tell them that they get
kids the good kids now oh they know I'll
fuck them up I have a lot of bits about
because like the district like I do this
bit about I used to do this bit about
the teachers school calling me all the
time white schools call you for anything
ain't anything Joe I mean just dumb shit
black school we don't look bitch that's
your child at 2:30 don't you wake me up
so one of the beasts one of the beasts I
use there they call me by my niche in
London because she was sitting at the
crayon table hello white friends and
they're talking about their daddies so
you learn to say well the next time I
see my daddy I'm gonna stab him in the
neck and all the white kids started
crying and they asked me to come up
there an emergency to come up there to
talk to them I get up them like ma'am
she can't step on that any the nigga in
jail somebody else gonna stab a man and
me don't wake me up from the don't wake
me up for this bullshit so they don't
know how to anything I had to set the
school down I said look these kids are
from the hood they only talk and do what
they know you gotta give me time to help
him grow but then they wanted to put him
on medication I said what we would yeah
because they didn't know how to deal
with that they so so much like a mama
was into Hornet dad was in drugs the
deado beating on the mom and I didn't
know how to handle and I said look we're
gonna help them grow together I said
well what we're not gonna do we're not
gonna put these kids on medication what
we're gonna do is surround them with
love they so good now out of five years
this baby just now passing the ISTEP
test it took a minute to get there but
he's finally there what's up I said
those pump those standardized tests they
give kids and the kids just wasn't ready
right he not to him in his neighborhood
through an environment that it wasn't
used to anything you know they talk
telling you see how country I am when
they talk straight
three so come some time I what the fuck
are y'all talking about we bout it bout
another fuck you ain't get a cellar if I
brush across your head without a body
ya ain't ready to rumble they ready to
fight the little boy I'm bout about I
said put your fucking finger now if I
break it but I had to retrain him
because what he saw in the hood it
wasn't going at my nice little white
skin right no well they're adapting that
what I good now they're good imagine all
the kids that don't and you can imagine
because it was you but all the kids who
don't have someone like you well my
niece is not 20 years old 21 she six
kids and she in jail for 20 years for
knocking on people doing robbing so her
kids is in a situation so just imagine
all the kids I think about it all the
time especially when it's my family
mental but Joe I had to realize this I
can't say the world you can't save
everybody it's impossible I try to save
one other time and that's all I can do
that's all you can do yeah you can do I
can't say the world I mean I can't live
if I keep trying to save the world
no well you won't be able to do what
you're doing that's helping people too
one of the things you're doing that's
helped me was you're making people laugh
yeah I mean that that helps a lot yeah I
do so fucking need that they needed so
many so many people right now with their
headphones on in their cubicle laughing
their ass off right now I hope so fuck
you they need it pat down Joe let's know
that for sure they're gonna subscribe
guarantee you I hope so 100% I mean you
know I was did a show last night at the
verge of here in LA and a man came to me
said man my dog died today and I've been
crying all day but I want to tell you
how much you helped me fucking relieve I
so I'm sorry about your dog did you burn
him up he actually started laughing you
know after they died you got a barn
about cream a little cream in them yeah
thanks Annette we actually started
laughing but I mean I get that all the
time and you know laughter is what
healed me when I was able when I was
able to uh write my book and you know
started doing comedy especially like it
was one story now by my mom a boyfriend
who molest me and I I never told that
story over 30 something year my husband
didn't know only person knows me
my sister cuz it always happened to us
at the same time with him and uh I never
told this story and I remember when I
was writing my book the lady who
co-wrote my book she was like uh you
gotta tell the story and I said well I
gotta ask my sister and I get my sister
on the phone Joe and I was like may pop
that was on it's her name I said you
ready to tell what mr. John did and we
both just boohoo and I we told some of
the store we got out the phone and it
took for me to tell his story took
almost a week me and the writer cried so
much cuz I had I had all of that built
up in me
but I'm so happy I was able to tell that
story now because that was the only
story I had never told public about how
my mama boyfriend did me and my sister
from the age of probably six or eight ty
was 11 years old cuz I started my kids
father was 21 and I was 12 when I made
him so I started having 6 8 12 so when
he started touching me my kid when I got
a boyfriend my mama my mama boyfriend
left us alone once you got a boyfriend
yeah once I got a boy for Christ so that
was the only story I'd never told but
when I told I felt like I lost 20
probably 100 pound I felt like it but it
didn't go anywhere but I just felt a
relief yeah so I know left I just know
left that does a lot for me so I know it
does the same for all the people damn
you got a crazy fuckin and I laugh at
every inch of it too
well it's that's the only way you can
mean what you've done is you've done the
ultimate take a negative and turn into a
positive that's right that's right but
you mean you really have because your
your sense of humor is so fucked up
because of your life that it's so funny
I mean that's why it works if you had a
cushy life and you were saying this shit
that you say it wouldn't be funny so it
wouldn't be no and that's one of the
things with my husband like when I was
sharing wedding like my kid's father
shot me and beat me you know most your
listeners kind of know who I am they
know my background and one of the things
when I started sharing my life my
husband had that protective mo he didn't
want me to you know he knew how negative
the world could be when I started to
share these stories so I could see what
he wanted to step
and protect me right you know when
people would judge me you know like I
dropped out of school in eighth grade
when my husband went to the military
went on office he had a mommy and daddy
way better life to me so he would always
be there to like be that protector like
well sir oh they think I'm stupid or
they think I'm missing and I just I just
he helped me grow a backbone didn't say
fuck what people think about you because
it was so much screwed up stuffing money
like one of the thing my mama taught me
about white people like I didn't deal
with white people
he was be honest I'm from the head it
was a police or the fucking on the
caseworker my momma told me she said why
people are better than you never look
him in the eye and they're the fucking
devil so my whole life Joe Rogan I was
scared of white people and when I when I
wrote the book and I told the lady this
when I was seeing white people I
immediately looked down well that's what
the slaves used to do and that's what
the book lady told me and I was like I
can't look him in the eye and then she
was like why and I told her the story
and I told my husband stories and he
said Pat he's saying we're all the same
your fucking mom is stupid I used to
shell a bit I said the only deal between
me and you white woman is my titties is
bigger than yours but I was in I was in
my late 20s when I learned it because
you like I when I moved to Indianapolis
I couldn't talk to you
I fucking my words well stump and I
would immediately say I'm stupid and I
would look away and when I started doing
coming in Indianapolis and my fan base
turned white and I was like why the fuck
y'all like me get away from me shit I
just say that to myself and my husband
sent me down I was like Pat we all the
same your fucking mom is stupid I'm like
we are and I was in my late 20s
ever dealt with white people like I
dealt with when I moved into that
community and I'm glad because it taught
me a lot as a young girl out of it
out of the inner city of Atlanta that we
are all the same the problem with the
problem with these countries we don't
fucking talk yeah we know communication
well there's that and then there's that
these communities stay the way they are
like whether it's Baltimore where they
had it set up or black people literally
weren't allowed to buy homes and outside
of certain areas or any inner city like
you know in
city in Houston or New York or anywhere
where the neighborhood stay the same
yeah they stay the same generation crime
poverty all the drugs everything stays
the same and I don't you know so my kids
you know I might my kids are fuckin they
blessings they don't realize how blessed
they are and sometimes I get so pissed
off at them like they go to this really
nice high school where I live it in
Indiana they get their little laptops
and you know they get new books every
fucking year Joe when I went to school
it was so many niggas named rolled in
that same book where it hit and checked
it out every year you had to flip a page
and you just see my mom Tyrone's I got
three pages of kids who had that book
and it pisses me off because you know I
look at it I was like what this is the
old curriculum where you know these keep
my kids are getting a new curriculum
every year and it's still like that in
certain parts of a miracle and it pisses
me off though like yeah you guys don't
realize how blessed you are you come
into fucking this fucking thousand
dollar pad on the float at this school
and gave you take shift grade like my
daughter would literally hold up the
school bus because she wanted to walk
slow because she was fat so the lady
called me was like Miss pay every day I
got a weight on gear Rihanna to get on
the bus and I've extra several time to
be at the bus stop when I get there and
I said ma'am leave that bitch leave a--
you leave that motherfucker she'll get
downtime but you know you you did they
pamper them in my neighborhood i said
don't you dare pamper my black key lead
that bitch cuz i'll leave you ain't out
you ain't in the car when i get in the
car bitch buy back my kid no you better
get in the car for mama cause she'll
leave you I fuck you you want to scream
I mean my daughter would come in the
house one time inside I need you to take
me to Starbucks
I'm like why cool kids coming spoon
Starbucks I said bitch you better go to
school you better I said it's night I
said you crazy if you think I'm gonna
get up at six o'clock in the morning
take you to Starbucks you better take
your fat ass at Starbucks at night and
get you a cup and put you some hot
chocolate in the morning I'm not going
I'm not getting up at no six o'clock to
make you cool but they do that right got
the status thing
yes sir standard thing come bring me my
lunch I left my lunch I tell my kids if
you leave some you didn't
in warning cuz I'm in a beer with no wig
and no brought in yesterday pussy I'm
not good enough yeah cuz I with the bed
last night named Washington before they
come oh yes yesterday pussy so I'm not
good enough you crazy sale huh I'm not
nobody nobody gave me no do they
understand that no one gave you anything
hell yeah they get it they get it yeah
they get it but they like no I don't
want to hear y'all
yeah poor stories not true no that's not
true
look my thank you my cable got cut off
one day right so I go in the house on my
cable cut off an item was I like did you
pay the fucking KB miles oh my god I
forgot to pay the cable go turn the
cable before the kids getting runs like
fuck these kids you know how many time I
had to look at a father TV and thought
it was snowing I'm not I'm not going I'm
something going to bed fuck these kids I
don't care about the keys but he broke
his neck to pay to care because he don't
want the kids to ever know what it's
like to not have like gasps oh fuck they
fact they could miss a cup of meal Joe I
didn't cut that cable back home but he
did he came home and cut it all I don't
I don't I don't go out the way for you I
love you but I tell you I don't love you
like Jesus do
he loved you on condition I would stay
up this shit out of you oh I love my
kids money you got to pay me back my
daughter called me she said can I borrow
$3,000 I said bitch you got a wrong
number
3,000 yeah about a car I don't gonna do
that she I got my car Joe my car paid
off I Drive a little old last crew that
mccracken women with crack in these left
I bought for her that's what I Drive
every day my shit paid off
I'm not buying you know car but bitch
said you was on my phone bill for three
years he's never paid your phone bill so
how you gonna pay me back $3,000 what
she said that I call you back this is my
money I worked on for this money I know
you was dead when I was selling cracking
for the chick but you had joys and nice
shit I know that your life is hard
mm-hmm but if you had to live it over
again what I mean it made you who you
are
doesn't change anything yeah that's why
I was gonna ask you
the fucked up thing to ask someone when
they tell you them molested but your
mom's boyfriend and that you know you
had a baby with this guy when you were
14 and he's married and another one and
by the time you're 16 you're pregnant
with a third yeah no no whatever great
selling crack and shot in the Tet no one
would ever ask you to live that life
again but you you wouldn't change it I
don't know Joe I mean it made me who I
am but I always I look at life like this
I think I would you know everybody
couldn't have dealt with the stuff that
I dealt with it like I dealt with it
like some people commit suicide come
from people always depressed you know I
kind of feel like I was a chosen one God
take you through something so it can you
know to make other people see maybe I
was put maybe I took burden that
everybody else was going through in life
and I I was just chosen one then I bring
it out and make it funny
so I'm here to make people that let
people know it's okay yeah it's okay
it's not about how you start it's about
how you finish right I don't dwell and
she don't have control over I can't
change the past but let's laugh today
and I tell people every night on stage
when you can laugh about it you got
control of that's a powerful thing to be
able to look at your life like that and
just take ownership yeah you know like
my first kid's father he hates me he
fucking hates me
you know why cuz I'm not that little
girl rabbit anymore that he had control
of that he beat and he you know I was a
little girl searching for love and in
this whole situation I learned to love
myself Joe do you so much with him yeah
talk to me because of me out he's not in
jail yeah good job I'm not a childless I
remember when I needed closure and um I
was I was out here in LA and uh I'm
starting to tell these stories about my
life and I just wanted him to apologize
for you know he shot me in the back of
the head fucking beat me so I wanted him
to apologize and I was like why do you
need him to apologize I just wanna hear
I just want to take rabbit I'm sorry so
I called him up and I said there we
started talk about it I said his name
[Laughter]
and I said I said how can you fuck a 12
yo and you groaning you mayor you know
what he said
he said your mind and body wasn't well
and then she kicked me and my fucking
chest like a horse and I boohoo and that
day Joe I decided I was no longer gonna
ask him to X for me to you know to ask
me to forgive him I decided to forgive
him I forgave my momma I forgave my
momma boyfriend and everybody else that
stepped on me and I said no longer I'm
ever gonna want to do come come come I
know I say from that day on I'm never
gonna ask y'all for forget I'm never
gonna ask you again
I'm excited to forgive you and after
that day I forgave him my mom and her
boyfriend
and everybody else they ever violated me
cuz it was so many other people that I
don't still don't talk about but I
forgave them that's a very powerful
thing and I'm happy that's a very
powerful thing if you can forgive people
who've done terrible things of you and
you haven't done shit to them yeah the
people that wants them to apologize they
chase them down they can't get back that
you're eating yourself up you eating
yourself and I was eating myself because
I just wanted him to say I'm sorry
rabbit and he never said it but once he
told you that when you were 12 your mind
your body weren't young realize you're
talking fucking idiot Oh idiot and I
called my husband and I was crying he
was like Pat why you keep I said I just
want him to ask me to I just wanted to
say he's sorry that's all I want him to
say and he's like Pat why and I remember
hanging up the phone and I got on my
knees and I rarely get on my knees Joe
and I got vertigo so I don't get so I
just I mean I forgave him that day I
forgave him and my mama because of him
my mommy in her boyfriend John is three
of the people that I hated the most
because she didn't protect me and when
we once tried to tell her that her
boyfriend was doing it to us you know he
wasn't listening she wouldn't listen
because this man was providing it was
the only time in my life that we didn't
get evicted because he was touching me
and my son he was always saying well
if you tell your mama y'all gonna get
put out y'all ain't gonna have no food
so we always thought we was happy we
always thought he was happy so you know
but I forgave him
I mean you know they was day was already
dead but he's still alive he's still my
kid's father still alive and you want to
know something crazy and I never told
anybody this so people I was like why
you don't go to your mama gravesite you
know a lot of people like I don't like
fucking with the dead I figured they
want a rest leave him the fuck alone
they don't wanna hear about this lovely
this lively shit I don't go to her grave
y'all because that motherfucker put his
self next to her he buried himself next
to my mama so I said fuck both of you
I'm not going up there he's laying right
next to last time I was there before he
died I was there cleaning off some ants
on top of gray and you know I'm young
I'm probably she died when I was 16 I
was 16 17 I go out there what a gas
can't pull it on top of light it on fire
to get the oh my god I haven't been back
Joe I don't need to go back I won't go
back he's next to us so he wanted that
control so he got it
fuck I'm never going back it's goddamn
is Pat everything every time I talk to
you I think I've heard it all
oh shit Joe we needed give me the mom
some olive oil wine I can tell you a
hundred another fucking stalker that's
what one Olive Garden
yes I love that shit I drink a glass of
that and I tell you a million fuckin
stories I was telling the story I just
started writing a bit about how my momma
used was a crap shooter and before she
shoot a dice she would light up her five
kids and she would rub them on a vagina
up on our TV that was good look for her
should rub the dice on your vagina
probably die so you pussy for good luck
I don't want to tell cause I just wrote
about it tonight
now I'm not gonna do it is not all the
way down but my boy when I got my first
like pet you gotta be like I said I
called my brother I said Bo that's my
older brother biracial right we say my
mama say we got same dad but his mother
got good hair so we we didn't know
that's Danny no Jerry curly so I said
boy you know
do you remember what mama used to shoot
guys she said yeah she's rubbing my
motherfucking nuts on my goddamn is Pat
any now let's deal laughs I love to live
I fucking love it
I know you do you make people out you
want it funniest people I've ever met
wow thank you Joe it's a fact fuck what
a life you had god damn it
I read so hard to listen to as a person
who has kids you know it's so hard to
think about you being a little girl
having to go through that you know it
used people say okay you should get
counseling but honestly comedy has been
my counseling is a bit is a form of
counseling for sure I was able to share
with you that I had I was anger about
I'm no longer angry making people laugh
gonna make it look I'm fucking crying
yeah yeah you know then you meet so many
people who can't I have a story like you
people I won't miss Pat you telling my
story
thank you so much out of black lace
everyone time she's like I had my baby
bad 13 how can you talk about that I
said cuz bitch I'm happy and my child
didn't have the life that I had
yeah so I'm happy you know what I only
thing I X with my kids I see actually
college ain't for everybody so I'm not
gonna force college on you but what you
do owe me is a high school diploma and
you do owe me to prom because I didn't
have an opportunity to do none of that
shit so all of them go to the poor all
on went to the prom I picked that outfit
and every one of them graduated from
high school you know out my daughter was
the first one in three generation to
graduated high school the first one ever
go to college
then she didn't finish but hey - my my
youngest daughter just finished criminal
justice she have associate's degree and
you know every time they do it is like
I'm going to the prom for you they
graduated high school they gave me their
high school diploma
my daughter's like oh well I just
graduate from college you'll hit on your
degree you cool Lobby I mean she thinks
she didn't go to her graduation she she
she didn't want to go to graduation
so she booked it she had two options so
she booked it on one day I was out of
town but she gret she's my first child I
graduated college and I look back
Here I am with the 8th grade education
on the GED and I was able to keep my
kids from going on the road that I went
down and you know most most most kids
try to make their parents proud I try to
make my kids proud to let them know it's
not about how you start it's about how
you finish you know I had to I had to
meet to my oldest daughter and I said
Jones in front of school and I you know
I had to wake her at one time and I said
I want to apologize for being such a
horrible mom in the beginning but I was
fucking 14 you know she was in housing
but he had shootout at she saw me sell
drugs in front of her school I said I've
made a lot of fucking mistakes but I'm
sorry because I did what everybody else
was doing in my community trying to
survive and that was one of the hardest
thing as a parent because a lot of
parents high
you know they're pants with a kid but I
literally went to my daughter and I you
know cuz she hated me Joe she fucking
hated me she's like why do you have to
sell drugs in front of my school because
I was here first bitch but you know I
think you know we we have we have a
relationship now you know and then I
went out to jail and I missed her going
to kindergarten a name I grew up in a
community where he was gay something was
wrong with you you know my daughter she
gets fucked she eat everything in
Atlanta she packed man with the Blissett
I had to deal with that too because she
ran out for a while
when she when she wouldn't you know when
I she don't want to tell me she was gay
because I mean I had this thing where if
you were gay with some roach I fucking
hated gay women and I used to say this
on stage when I say white man when you
when you when you hate niggers that's a
good chance your white daughter gonna
come home with a big big nigger it was
over you fuck my daughter came home and
she was gay and it opened my fucking
world to the gay community and now like
I don't know when my daughter came out
of some I was like you must be ashamed
that your daughter's guest on bitch your
door there's a hole so your daughter
gonna take way more dicks did my
daughter do okay I love my daughter I
love all of my kids and in and I told
Ashley that's her name I said it's not
about I had to learn it's not about your
sexuality
do what make you happy and I will
support you to the end as long as you
happen because you saw your daddy stop
my face and shoot me and mistreat me so
if you wanna do what makes you happy
just don't do drugs bitch but do what
make you happy what what made you not
like gay women before that cuz I was
raising black community if he was gay
you know we're the biggest motherfucker
black people who would throw up a gay
child I tell you something wrong which
we talk to hate you know especially that
old-school black community that's why so
you know people you know why is that
I don't know Joe that's just how he was
raised the black church drilling in yo
hey
it you know if you gay you going to hell
and you know your mom so what happens
with gay people in the bar community a
lot of them leaving never come back
making the day a lot of them wait say
you know they fucking mental problems I
don't know like I didn't I don't
remember gay uncle anybody so but you
know I know we as the black community
you have to hide you had to hide back in
those days so I was taught if he was gay
it would you was it was something wrong
with you and when my daughter came out
to be gay it opened my fucking world up
and I was like do I judge my daughter
over sexuality or do I love my child
because it's my fucking child
and I remember when I seen her for three
years she just running she had dropped
out of college just go from state to
state damn near homeys well I don't be
homeless and I said look Ashley I said
are you gay I just want to hear it for
myself she was like yes ma'am that's
well come on homey puss in around his
cheek and my child came home and we
built a relationship and I act you know
I was wrong because she heard how I
talked about gay people in house it's
almost like when you hear your if you if
you widen hear your parents I was nigga
nigga nigga nigga in there then you want
to know wise anytime I make you get
curious and you go outside and like it
ain't what you think it is so when she
came out and you know she when she came
out he opened my world and I'm happy I'm
happy for my baby and I tell a about my
daughter will eat the shit out you she
would dick you down once grandma but she
happy Joe and that's what is all about
you know all you can ask mr. Larkin that
all our exes that she get a bitch they
treat her right that she's a hole right
now but you know new girl every six well
this new girl she got she been sticking
a little fall along I like the last
girlfriend
we saw Bigfoot but she got rid of
Bigfoot
if she was a boy she to play
professional basketball big old feet big
old me but I liked her like new
girlfriend she growing on me so but it's
all about being happy is all about being
happy you
you've you've done an amazing thing with
your life thank you you took a terrible
beginning and turned it into an amazing
present you know you're one of the
finest people I swear to god you want
the funniest people I've ever met you're
like a big-time professional comedian
people love you
I mean I I think what you've done is
amazing to come where you started from
and to be who you are now that's it's
amazing thank you I mean and I tell
people I'm a convicted felon and she
does I can do either you laugh I'll rob
you tonight it's not just that you had a
hard life you had a hard life and you
worked hard to become a great comic well
I had a hard life and I wanted to say
Mikey is in the beginning I just didn't
want my kids to go through what I went
through so that was the biggest files
like y'all ain't sticking out thumb in
my baby asshole that I'm sorry
y'all gonna do that to my children but
you not going to jail you're not gonna
drop out you know I just I just wanted
my kids to have shit that I never had
which was a life you know anything I
mean you know one thing my book is about
I I was searching for something I wanted
a family I never had a family I never
felt loved like I felt today
you know I got a family I go home til
husband and see me two times a week but
he still fucking loved me even though he
say not at all yeah been funny but I
know I'm loved yeah I know I mean I
never had that as a child I know when my
I planned vacation like oh we gotta do
it fuck yeah we gotta do this do you
know you want to know what it is to be
without a family
fucking mama we go on which we all we
don't want to hit these horror stories
when I book that Disney crew they was
all pissed off but they had a fuckin
ball it was twenty two of us and we was
there as a family and that's all I don't
care to go when I go take him to the
lake or take him I don't care to
participate I just wanna know I just
look at him and say oh my god I got what
I fought for my whole fucking life a
family to be loved and I'm loved oh
that's beautiful
then that's all I ever wanted that's
beauty don't give a fuck about a fancy
car I care about a nice way
but but listen you and junebug
you're gonna start this youtube series I
probably gonna work out together and
then the pat-down is available on iTunes
it's available everywhere your book it's
still like this doing really well yes
cuz rabbit rabbit right nominated for n
double acp mu o and we're working
tonight at the Comedy Store
thank you thank you god damn that was
funny
[Applause]
[Music]